
# Recipe App with Express.js and React and OpenAI API

Introducing RecipeApp, a cutting-edge recipe application that combines the power of React, Express.js, Bootstrap, and the OpenAI API. With its sleek and responsive design, RecipeApp offers a seamless and intuitive user experience on both desktop and mobile devices. Powered by the OpenAI API, the app goes beyond traditional recipe apps by dispaying 5 recipes fully generated by AI, including images.


## Authors

- [@alexey2928](https://github.com/alexey2928)


## Features

The Recipe App includes the following features:

- AI-Generated Recipes based on Ingredients: RecipeApp introduces an innovative feature that allows users to input their available ingredients, and using the power of AI, it generates five unique and fully curated recipes. Leveraging the OpenAI API, generates step-by-step recipes that make the most of the available ingredients. Along with the detailed recipes, the app also provides visually appealing images of each dish, giving users a mouth-watering preview of what they can create with their ingredients. This feature brings convenience and creativity to users' culinary adventures, inspiring them to explore new recipes with the ingredients they have on hand.
- Responsive and Intuitive Design: With its implementation of React and Bootstrap, RecipeApp offers a sleek and responsive design that adapts seamlessly to different screen sizes. 
- Recipe Collections and Organization: RecipeApp empowers users to create personalized recipe collections and organize their favorite dishes in a convenient and efficient manner. 



## Installation

Install recipe-app with npm

```bash
Clone the repository.
Install the required dependencies using npm install.
Start the development server using npm run start:dev.
```
    
## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

